Correct cronyd to chronyd and add a description (#6983)
pingcap/docs: check-before-deployment.md

## Check and disable system swap

> TiDB requires sufficient memory space for operation. Using swap as a buffer when memory is insufficient might degrade performance. Therefore, it is recommended to disable the system swap permanently by executing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB needs sufficient memory space for operation. When memory is insufficient, using swap as a buffer might degrade performance. Therefore, it is recommended to disable the system swap permanently by executing the following commands:
```

> TiDB requires sufficient memory space for operation. Using swap as a buffer when memory is insufficient might deteriorate performance. Therefore, it is recommended to disable the system swap permanently by executing the following command:

Reviewer: Please translate literally and try to use simple words. "deteriorate" seems a misuse here.

sysctl -p
```

> **Note:**
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
```

> > - Executing `swapoff -a` and then `swapon -a` is to refresh swap by dumping data to memory and cleaning up swap. If you drop `swapon -a` and execute only `swapoff -a`, swap will be enabled again after you restart the system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Executing `swapoff -a` and then `swapon -a` is to refresh swap by dumping data to memory and cleaning up swap. If you drop the swappiness change and execute only `swapoff -a`, swap will be enabled again after you restart the system.
```

Author: Should we add `swapon -a`？That is, "If you drop the swappiness change and `swapon -a`, and execute only `swapoff -a`".

> > - Executing `swapoff -a` and then `swapon -a` is to refresh swap by dumping data to memory and cleaning up swap. If you drop the swappiness change and execute only `swapoff -a`, swap will be enabled again after you restart the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Executing `swapoff -a` and then `swapon -a` is to refresh swap by dumping data to memory and cleaning up swap. If you execute `swapoff -a` only without `swapon -a`, swap will be enabled again after you restart the system.
```

>

> > - `sysctl -p` is executed to validate the configuration without restarting the system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - `sysctl -p` is executed to apply the configuration without restarting the system.
```

> > - `sysctl -p` is executed to apply the configuration without restarting the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `sysctl -p` is to make the configuration effective without restarting the system.
```

    - If it returns `Unit ntpd.service could not be found.`, then try the following command to see whether your system is configured to use `chronyd` instead of `ntpd` to perform clock synchronization with NTP:

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ```bash
        sudo systemctl status chronyd.service
        ```

        ```
        chronyd.service - NTP client/server
        Loaded: loaded (/usr/lib/systemd/system/chronyd.service; enabled; vendor preset: enabled)
        Active: active (running) since Mon 2021-04-05 09:55:29 EDT; 3 days ago
        ```

>         If your system configures no `chronyd` or `ntpd`, it means your system installs neither of them. You should first install `chronyd` or `ntpd` and ensure that it can be automatically started. By default, `ntpd` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If the result shows that neither `chronyd` nor `ntpd` is configured, it means that neither of them is installed in your system. You should first install `chronyd` or `ntpd` and ensure that it can be automatically started. By default, `ntpd` is used.
```
